hello to all the friends we find ourselves
today for a small series of
christmas config so
so if you feel like you
do a little pc for christmas bah it will be
the opportunity to draw some ideas and
I also invite you to watch
soiam videos so who does
regularly configs me I do
not necessarily exactly the same as
him but but here it is
config specialist at my guru so
well I invite you especially if you
have questions to ask him one and
why not use config
who are they who are really
top
so here we are going to leave on a
first configuration whose crete has
a configuration we will say really
entry level really the cheapest
possible
so we did not expect to
to gaming is really for
someone who would like to do some
office automation and
and here is watching videos but
it's office and that's all so we
will go on a small intel I have 34 20
it's a good processor I have it
already used
many times besides staying at the
house in case
there is not much to say about it
it's even a processor where I
could play with arma iii particular who
is not bad good it's not madness
but but that's the job and I
find that for the price it's a pretty
good cpu so here you can bet
also leave on the on the gg 18,40
also a little bit cheaper to
save another one
a good fifteen euros here is free
to you to do as you feel I
think the g34 twenty and a few more
powerful and is most suited to this
profile but it's a matter of taste
Then I left on the hem and 6h
80 mg p 33
that's what language has in the input of
range we are in chips 7h and
so seduced h 80
here are the us 3 and sata 6
gigabits all we need after
after that you are free
to you according to your desires
and the choice of your colors and so on
but it's still coherent so there's this
it takes one of the vga of the dvi
good no two there is no hdmi
but at this price we can not all him
ask either
if you want to change you can also
go on gigabyte also that makes
a few
dh 80 m in the 6th
33rd seeming veil after free to you
really choose is that the one that
please the most but but of all
way it's pretty much all the same
level 2 at the same level of equipment
so that's it for the ram I went on
decorate her revenge because she was
not especially expensive are said we put
4 gigas and so twice 2 gigas them
I took the 1600 my guys because she
is not so much more expensive than the
1333 so much so as to avoid
to deprive
he has for 45 euros it remains correct I
invite you to not bought from no name and
it's for different reasons of 2
here is quality and performance
if benoit performance and no it's
because we ask him but now
as much buying brand does not cost
so much more expensive and me you are
you are guaranteed is quiet for
the hard drive I left on a small
name on a small seagate barracuda
the interest that it is a hard drive in 3
inch and a half to 7200 rpm
that's classic a little cache
of 64 mo of sata iii so here it is
there is no there is no problem that's good
hard drive even though some seagate
worries in a short time it's not it's
not it's not the drama for the torah the
turn one more time it will be according to your
moods you live your tastes me I
left on something that was
cheap so that's the cooler master and
the 342
it's a medium-sized box tower in me 3.6
it's cheap it's cooler master on
know it's quality
here I took it after there is no
badly other brands cheap there are the
aerocool including raging tech too
take care that makes you want
the most but one but this case there and
coherent I have already climbed several times
it's worth its price in food
I left on the Corsican rbs 350 so
a 350 watts necessarily this is a
good food is also still certain
some others it's my choice
there are others but you can
proud to korça who generally founds
very very good food so
so here I listen I think we 're going
we will stop there for this first
configuration so we stop at 260
euros
free to you if you wanted to
use it to add a small ssd
32 gigabytes or a little more but
of 60 because it does not cost so much
more expensive but 64 giga you take a
five disks in sata iii that makes you
still add 40 euros is a
sum when we know that our config to
260 euros
it will save you a little bit
comfort of use after his sails
ensuring the budget if it is really
tight or not
I did not put two graphics cards
because because it was
had no purpose of the config and then
and that's that it would add a lot
obliged so I stayed on this basis
at 2.60 euros
I hope that will suit you then we get
found again very soon for the part
two of his Christmas accomplices go I
wish you a good evening have fun
you well